Here's what made me a fan: The food. The service. The after-dinner conversation with Chef Fink. He did a crawfish dish so sublime, I was compelled to order another one immediately. And I seriously thought for a moment this restaurant was somehow designed by Volvo - all simple lines within elegant minimalism. 

Here's what made me tilt my head askew, like your dog sensing its first poltergeist: You're encouraged to order 2-3 small plates per person from the menu, which I get. But after you do that, they'll start your push-cart service, where a different server brings 4-5 off-menu small plates to your table. You pick & choose whatever you want, and whatever you select is added to your bill. 15-20 minutes later, the cart comes around again, with new & different dishes. And 15-20 minutes later, it's back. Here's the dilemma:

1. Yeah, I get the Dim Sum connection, but we're talking substantial small plates here, not a trio of tiny wontons you can gulp without blinking. 
2. I kept wondering how these random cart selections would disrupt the flow & timing of our original menu choices. I know that's not my problem. 
3. It's hard to resist trying all the dishes from each cart pass. The presentations are remarkable. But it would have been way too much food. 
4. I kept thinking, should I have picked that other plate instead of this one? Gosh darn it, did I just sabotage the entire experience? If I'm not totally blown away, isn't it actually my fault? 
5. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to tip the cart server separately from our table server. Both Erin & Marsha spent quality time explaining every dish to us. I wound up leaving one big tip on my bill. Hope that worked. 

The bottom line is restaurant time is my lazy time, and I don't want to have to think about what I'm doing. Especially at a fine dining establishment. I just want to be impressed. For my next Emmer & Rye visit, I'm going to sit at the counter facing the open kitchen, and politely ask: "Can y'all just make me your favorite dozen dishes?" Won't even question what they'll be, because I bet they'll all be great. 

Final notes: Don't even come here without resos, this place is a current top-five Austin restaurant destination, and that's not going to change soon. Silly to fool with Rainey St parking at night, use the $10 valet. And apparently the brunch experience is different from dinner - for instance, the carts coming to your table are now filled with pastries. That just makes the process a whole lot easier. They can leave the entire cart.