I try to visit restaurants Bon Appetit names in its Top 50 list each year, and so I had to visit Emmer & Rye while I was in town for work. It was a perfect choice for me and 3 friends, and the bill was still reasonable at around $60 each for two cocktails each and plenty of food. 

Before visiting Emmer & Rye, it's important to understand a few things:
a) It's a tapas restaurant, and you will be given the choice to order by menu or off the "dim sum" cart. We did not find many items that enticed us on the carts the evening of our visit -- they all seemed small and pricey for the size. There also just wasn't anything that really caught our attention, creative as it was. We did love the vegetarian gorditas of all the choices. I encourage the owners to visit State Bird Provisions in San Francisco to see how to do the dim sum option with substantial portions.
b) Yes, there is a cart that's going to wheel by with a food introduction on each cart, so don't come to Emmer for a serious conversation or a first date. Even in my case, I was trying to catch up with some friends I haven't seen in a while, and the constant people stopping by was a bit distracting. 
c) I just moved from Brooklyn and I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, so no one appreciates farm to table, local, organic and creative more than me. In these places, that's just how food is done, and it's expected. I do find it sometimes a bit annoying when I go to other cities that feel that they have to educate you on the food. This is a fine line here. I do like a nice description, but I found that explaining the menu, the approach, and every item every time that showed up just got a bit tiresome here as if they needed to prove themselves or something. "This is our [insert thing you've never heard of before] grown at the local [insert farm name] fermented for 100 years in our curing room located here in house] and topped with [insert beet or cauliflower or kale]."  "This is our .... ." It would have made for a great food show segment -- as long as that is the goal of your experience.

With those three caveats, Emmer & Rye is an incredible food and dining experience - you should just go knowing those things. Our table loved the cacio e pepe in particular, and we had to order two servings of it to satisfy our taste buds. The kale appetizer also was a table favorite. The Old Fashioned cocktail was delicious, though spare in its portion. 

There was a lot of creative food, friendly people and a warm atmosphere here. There just was nothing that I will crave or think about for days after -- and that seems to me to the work this restaurant needs to do to go from a 4 to a 5 in my estimation. I went once, but I'm not sure if something is really drawing me back. That's fixable, and there's a lot to be said for what is happening already.