Hopelessly, inevitably, in love with goPok. Infatuated, stuck in Cupid's chokehold like it's two weeks into February. Momma tells me it's just a phase, I'm tellin' her it's the real thang!

Wow, can I just tell you that goPok is just perfection for me? As a place that I have been awaiting it's grand opening for the longest time, I can tell you that it was totally worth it. You know the saying, "good things come to those who wait"? Giiiiiirl let me tell you, patience is truly a virtue that I learned with this place! After finally having their delicious food, my life honestly came full circle.

My two fave items to get here are the Classic Ahi and the Classic Salmon. Dee-lish. Straight and to the point. The cuts of fish taste like savory delectable pieces of finger Jell-O (It sounds very appetizing, lol I know, you're welcome!!). For a Plain Jane simple-ten girl like me, they definitely get my seal of approval. I'm not a fan of having too much sauce (cue DJ Esco song) because I actually enjoy the lingering taste of the ocean while eating raw fish -- as to others would be a surprise!

The pok is already pre-marinated at this wonderful establishment. Shoyu levels on both mixes are at a great level here. One thing that I would have to say is that the onion levels might be a bit overwhelming by some. Luckily for me, I looooove me some onions, so it doesn't really bother me much! 

I also enjoy the fact that they don't have an extensive topping bar compared to other Pok Bars poppin' up in Seattle. Quite frankly, it only takes away the focus from the main star -- the pok!

The moment I discovered that this place also served desserts, I was dancin' in my seat. When I realized that they served HAWAIIAN desserts -- shave ice, Bubbies Mochi & DOLE PINEAPPLE WHIP.... I freaked the funk out! How did this place know me so well?! It just knew all my weak spots, and I wasn't sure if I liked that or not! ;)

The employees here are also super awesome. I'm embarrassed to say that we come here so often that they've picked up our names (and our usual orders). They welcome us with open arms every time we step through the doors! Talk about Ohana for life! 

goPok gets five stars from me. They serve exceptional food and their service is amazing. Like the saying, "it ain't trickin' if ya got it", their team represents the 808 to the fullest! Keep doin' what you guys do!