I hear the food is great, but still need to actually try it!

Day of my reservation for my fianc's birthday dinner: 

I was very excited for my Fianc's special day and had been looking forward to it for some time. Everyone was excitedand ready to try Canlis (afew in the grouphad been customers before).I had made the reservation a month ago via "Open Table" and thought everything was set and ready to go until I received the voicemail confirming my reservation for "Monday" instead of my original reservation for Sunday. I thought this was odd, so I called back-- this is where I got your automated message stating you were closed Sundays. From here I went to Google as well as your website where it indicated the same thing-- no information on "Holiday Hours". Trying to confirm this, I talked to friends in the industry, as well as one of your old chefs-- all who said you were closed Sundays.

Having no contact from Canlis and working with the information I had from the voicemail, your automated message, and online, I concluded that you were closed. I had to scramble last minute late on a Sunday to find a decent place to eat for 6 people who had already found baby sitters and made their time available for this event. After calling over 10+ places I was finally able to work out something with a local restaurant of decent caliber.

While out at dinner and finally enjoying ourselves, Iwas interrupted bya phone call from one of your employees stating that I had missed my reservation and would be charged $300 for the cancellation. Very confused and after everything I had gone through I spoke with her regarding the situation, and she had to check with her Manager to see if they could remove the fee which should never have even been considered in the first place. They finally calling later that night to inform me that you guys were not going to charge me for this. 

Sent an email regarding the situation, and had one of your directors email back stating that " I will be sure to get back to you on this"-- which they never did...

I, my fianc, and our friends are still upset over this whole event. I was meticulous in my planning and communication for this event, andwe were all dressed up and ready to go, only to have the result be this. I don'tsee where Imade an errorand I don't believe that Canlis lived up to their end of the agreement-- and it's infuriating that you were about ready to charge me for all of this! What about our time and stress?This was not the impression I get of your restaurant, so I am not sure if this is a one time fluke or what I should do to avoid this in the future? I do not want to go through this embarrassment/headache again and waste everyone's time. Not to mention that it will be difficult to get another reservation for 6 anytime soon.