Nearly 4 years ago I had my first Barley Swine experience. Overall, it was positive. My second was a few weeks ago at their new location. It did not go all that well. If I didn't already know they have the same owner, I would say Barley Swine is a cheap knock off of Odd Duck. I adore Odd Duck, deeply. When I'm there I feel home, and everyone there is a big reason why. At Barley Swine, I felt like a one night visitor at an overpriced motel never to return, and everyone there was a big reason why.

The impeccable service I recall from the 1st visit was nowhere to be found. Gone was the feeling that the staff truly cared and wanted you to enjoy your dining experience. Our server was kind of nice, but it felt fake. Many of the staff did not look happy to be there. The food runners seemed like they were just reciting lines when explaining dishes rather than having any real interest or excitement. It took 30 minutes between our last two dishes and no one said a thing or checked in on us even once. It's possible it was an off night, but I've never experienced such lackadaisical and oblivious service at Odd Duck.

As for the food, it was strongly suggested to me by a Barley expert that I go the tasting menu route over their a la carte option. I failed to heed his advice. Perhaps the service and food would have been better, but I would think the service should be on the same level regardless. This is what we had:

Wagyu Rib Steak - First, this is not a steak, it was a portion of a steak. To say it's a steak is misleading. The meat itself was good albeit with some bites being over salted. We did not like the baked beans that accompanied it.

Smoked duck - This was pretty good and had a comforting flavor to it.

Pig skin noodles - I'm a fan of chicharrones, ordering this was a no brainer and I liked the concept. Unfortunately, it had very little depth. It was pretty much just hot sauce with pork skin and I've had much more flavorful pork skin and hot sauce elsewhere. It also came with shrimp dumplings that tasted on the same level as ones you can buy from the frozen aisle of your grocery store.

Shiitake pasta - This dish was really good and was our favorite despite the tiny portion. The charred vegetables added a nice smoky flavor that balanced well with the acidity of the sauce that was housed within the delicate pillow-y pasta.

Carrots, peanut, ranch, herbs, avocado - This was Odd Duck-esque, but not quite there. Over salted and quite petite.

The presentation of the dishes was excellent yet I have little to no interest in eating pretty looking food if it isn't actually tasty. We ended up going somewhere else for dessert.

As for the atmosphere/design, it's similar to Odd Duck, but not as self-assured. It's not bad, it's just that the original Barley had its own identity; its own charm, its own character, and it was cozier. I also liked the surrounding South Lamar feel better. Things keep popping up on Burnet, but this stretch of it feels like a wasteland currently and I'm also not a fan of any of their strip mall neighbors: Bufalina Due or Lick.

I got Odd Duck from the moment I walked in the door. Me and Barley just aren't there and may never be. I'm ok with that.

P.S. If you're going to make a reservation, be aware that if you need to cancel and you don't cancel 24 hours prior to your reservation you will be charged $25 (for a la carte) to a maximum of $85/person (for tasting menu). Perhaps this is a new trend some restaurants are doing (Odd Duck doesn't do it), but I haven't come across it elsewhere outside of Nick Kokonas's Tock ticketing system.