I really wanted to like this place. Excuse my French has a great ambiance, but the food just wasn't good.

My group of three had 5 dishes:
1. Scallops: the raw scallops tasted very fresh, but I think the roe gave the dish a bitter aftertaste that wasn't very pleasant. The pomegranate seeds helped a little bit with the bitterness, but definitely this is not a dish I'd be interested in trying again

2. Steak tartare slightly seared: We got two plates of this because my friend who's been here before said this was very good, and I generally adore steak tartare. However, no more quail eggs on the steak tartare, which really disappointed my friend because that was one of her favorite parts. I think it would have also been better without the searing, and the added sprouts on top didn't add anything to the dish... I liked the steak tartare enough, but it wasn't as interesting as I'd hoped based on previous reviewers.

3. Foie gras pops: My husband liked this but I wasn't a fan. The foie gras in such large chunks was a bit too rich and felt like eating pure fat with the soft liver texture that comes with foie gras. I believe foie gras should be spread on bread and not eaten in large chunks by itself. Otherwise, it's just too much.

4. Duck confit: My least favorite dish. This one was actually terrible. The soft potatoe texture does not work with the duck meat in the middle. You also end up with large bites of potato. Also, the  truffle smell was very overpowering and made the duck barely existent as part of the dish. I felt like I was eating a potato mash with a unknown meat that had a strong truffle smell (which is stinky because truffles are stinky even though delicious)

5. Salmon butterfly: probably the best dish we had. The salmon was delicious and worked well with the ratatouille. Unfortunately, this dish doesn't work well with the other tapas... the tomato and pepper flavor doesn't work with the scallops, steak tartare, duck confit, and foie gras. I think this should just be made into an entree that can be eaten by itself.

Drinks here are great. We each got something different. I don't think you can go wrong on picking a drink as long as you know which main spirit you like.

I wouldn't come here for the food. Just the drinks and ambiance. Would be a great after dinner place to hang out, though majority of the space is taken up by the bar. It gets pretty busy later in the night.