I have waited about a year and a half after my first visit to write this review. To date, I have had two dinners in the main dining area (5 stars), one happy hour at the bar (4 stars), one private dinner (3 stars), and an event in the penthouse (1 star). 

The review is challenging for me to write because sometimes they go above and beyond and it's the greatest experience I have ever had, and other times, I have been so confused and frustrated with some of the staff and their decisions. 

Let me first mention the food overall - it's fantastic. I preferred the previous chef but the new chef is starting to grow on me. Their canlis prawns are amazing. Their creme brle is out of this world. I am not a creme brle fan but you have got to try it.  Their chicken is divine. I love their mushroom side dish. Truthfully it's all very good (As it should be for the high ticket price). Only thing I have tried that I would change is the salad was overdressed for me- way too much lemon. Also the chef has a heavy hand sometimes. 

The ambience and views are amazing. The piano music in the background is fantastic. I love the service and that your car is ready the minute you walk out the door. They really know how to cater to you. 

My first dining experience (with the previous chef) was perfect from start to finish. That was the night we decided to book the penthouse so perhaps they were trying to make the sell that night. But service was spectacular. The food was outstanding. And the chef even made us a few things off menu. They really went above and beyond, and it was worth every penny. It was by far the best dining experience I have had. Unfortunately it went downhill after that night. 

I had read that they were amazing for events and weddings. I read everything was so perfect and spot on, so it really sold me with this place, especially after dining here. I really didn't have a great experience, though, and I am not sure if it's because our guest count was low so they were off their game or what. (Although the room rental is the same price so that shouldn't have mattered). 

Issues came as our wedding approached, and a new chef came on board. The new menu wasn't released until 4 weeks before our wedding, and the restaurant was completely booked and did not want to accommodate our reservation so we could taste the food. They offered us the private room for an extra $150. What? We were pretty upset considering we were dishing out a substantial amount of money and this was beyond our control. After we complained, they comped the room which we really appreciated. But is this their standard practice? What happened to the service we received the first night? We left dinner that night a little dissatisfied as well. The new menu wasn't what we were hoping for. And we had requested one specific item to try and the chef would not serve it (i believe the pastry fell. But come on, make a new one! It's the only odd request we made, and we did it the day we booked). I knew things weren't looking good. 

As for the event itself, it was a disaster. The staff planned a weekend retreat that weekend so the event coordinator and other main staff were gone! We weren't even told this until the day before the wedding. Huh?! ...It would probably be easier for me to say nothing was done correctly. My bouquet of flowers went missing, my name was misspelled on my place card, the seating chart was wrong, they served the wrong champagne, some of the food was incorrect, the wrong music was played, the sound system was so messed up during the first dances that all you could hear was static, the staff didn't synchronize me walking down the "aisle" at the right time....etc...Laughable huh? Complete and utter disaster. I cannot emphasize that enough. We only had 11 of us up there (all flew in from out of town). How in the world can there be that many mistakes? The coordinator emailed after the wedding apologizing for messing up the champagne, but I had to explain everything that was wrong. She assured me she would talk with her staff...so hopefully things have improved since then. I just can't imagine any place messing up as many things as they did. 

We returned a year later on our anniversary to use our $100 gift card, and luckily we got a table with a good view and enjoyed really delicious food again. Unfortunately the canlis prawns weren't available nor were my two favorite drinks that have been taken off the menu. 

What happened to that first night? It's just not the same anymore. If you haven't been, I definitely recommend this place for dinner but not for an event. 

It still makes me angry visiting this place but I know I will still return. Maybe one day I'll be able to laugh at it all. It is kinda comical that I am the biggest perfectionist I know and NOTHING went right. Haha. Yeah, I don't think I am there yet...