I rarely hand out 5s, and while I could nit pick my way down to a 4.5 (slightly slow service, uncomfortable seating) Im gonna suck it up and give them their due.  Fantastic menu, wonderfully attentive service when it comes to placing and charming wait staff.  

Number 1: Their "mixologists", a trendy term by they deserve to be called something official sounding, are absolutely on point.  Every cocktail was something new, crisp, layered, delicious.  Botanist Gin is my favorite and they paired it with fruit flavors and jalapeno, expertly balanced.  The Aviator with floral undertones, and the Rum Apple offering was like a perfect adult Apple Cider.  

They started us off with some canapes, some type of fried crispy shell with molten goat cheese inside.  Awesome.  Next was the beet with marrow butter.  Not popular at the table, but an interesting and flavorful experience none the less.  The tempura mushroom with egg custard was divine.  We had pork skin "pasta" with shrimp dumplings and those dumplings I could have eaten by the dozen.  I also loved the pork noodle, very gelatinous.  Gluten free.  ;)  

The charred squash was a good portion, a nice break from the very rich courses just prior.  The red shrimp was cooked so perfectly and with such finesse it tasted like incredibly tender lobster.  We had some type of vinegar and tarragon "bubble tea" shooter as a palette cleanser.  Again, not particularly popular with the less adventurous but I enjoyed it.  Pork shoulder's presentation was perfect and quaint and the coconut bread was a massive hit.  

Rib eye steak I could have used a bit more char on the outside but it was absolutely cooked perfectly, with incredibly crispy hash on the side.  I could also have eaten a whole plate of this myself.  Actually, can I just order a whole plate of this one night, pretty please?  

Duck I'm not a fan of most places and it was good here but I let my duck loving wife have the majority of my offering.  

Next up is something really special.  The lemongrass sorbet could have possibly been better if it were just lemon, but the real star was the texture.  Rice pudding with crispy rice and other toppings that offered an incredibly fun and adventurous tasting.  I rarely feel like a dish is "fun" but this one you couldn't help but play with it in your mouth as you explored the different textures.  AAA+++

The chocolate cake at the end was fine and maybe the only thing I'd say is "average".  Since it was my birthday they served me a slice of carrot cake with goat cheese icing.  Great, never had anything like it!

Finished up with some macarones, which I love but were, again, nothing absolutely spectacular, but they had a tough act to follow.

You need to go to this restaurant.