Before venturing to a new city we Yelp the heck out of it. We found this place on Yelp and then read a nice write up of it in the Austin magazine in our hotel. With delicious info and pics in both it was an easy choice for dinner. 

The cool thing is the location- right off of Rainey street guests will be right by fun bars and atmosphere before and after their meal. The chairs were comfortable and we were greeted right away. 

The hostess sat us and after a couple minutes the waitress came over to explain the restaurant and take drink orders. As it was explained to us the whole menu of entrees was kind of like signature tapas items that we should order 8-10 of for our 4 person group. We ordered 4 things to start and the waitress didn't seem to like that- service definitely suffered after that. The second part to the concept is that they will take forever to bring you the 4-10 menu items you order so they can bring carts of "dim sum" to your table to up sell you on more small plates. Amazing marketing concept but not sure I like this at a restaurant where prices are already high for small plates. 

The first plate that came to us was a dim sum plate we ordered off the cart- it looked like an empanada- but was just a hard piece of fried crust with shrimp inside- it was called shrimp toast. The shrimp inside were great! Tender and full of flavor but the empanada looking part was dry and hard to eat. Second we ordered the ceviche. The flavor on it was absolutely fantastic!! Kind of tasted like a slightly effervescent pineapple broth. Portion wise this was 3 small bites of fish. A little tough if you have more than 3 people. 

Next we had the hot potato salad with lamb. This was probably the best dish we ordered- it was a fair size - and had great flavor. It was probably enough food where if you ordered an appetizer and dessert you could be satisfied. Definitely a must order. 

Next appetizer that came  out was the beef tartar- no flavor at all and served with some lavash type crispy bread that was too thick to allow you to taste the flavor of the meat. Quality of meat was great, sauce wasn't great and bread didn't suit the dish. 

At this point we really played the waiting game- two of our guests had ordered pasta and both dishes took over an hour to come out... a solid 30 minutes after we had finished the last dishes. The final pasta dish actually took a full hour and 15 to come out. Both pasta dishes were pretty good in the end- good flavor- fair portions. 

Overall it was a pretty average experience- 2 of our guests were very hungry after eating and the other 2 liked their food- none of us thought the service was friendly or up to par. The overall model of the restaurant was genius from a marketing perspective but I think some more substance or enthusiasm from the staff needs to be injected.