Canlis is a world-class premium dining experience from start to finish, and an absolute must whenever you want to impress somebody, celebrate an important event, or just have a nice romantic night out. The food was great but what really blew my mind was the logistical precision with which the staff made sure that we were always taken care of and happy. Throughout the evening, the total time we spent waiting with nothing to do, drink, or eat, added up cumulatively, must have been less than 45 seconds. Honestly the experience runs with the obsessive perfection of a Swiss watch.

The restaurant is easy to find, right on Aurora Avenue just south of the Lake Union bridge and well marked. We pulled up to the front door and valets rushed out to grab my car. No ticket needed: they remember you based on the name on your reservation. Canlis has a dress code and you'll want to go more formal with your attire here: if you're going by traditional dress code etiquette, use the dressy casual code at a minimum (i.e., jackets and dress shirt for men, dresses, skirts, or dressy pants outfits for women), or go more formal if you wish. I saw attire ranging from dressy casual to black tie.

A host immediately greeted us as we walked in the front door and gave our names. We were seated immediately, near the large plate glass wraparound windows and with a spectacular, sparkling view to the east of Lake Union and Capitol Hill. Our server, Summer, came to greet us within one minute and she was great the whole meal. She and the rest of the staff made sure our water glasses were never more than half empty, our drinks always full, and food always either in front of us or on the way. She was expert on the nitty gritty details of all the cocktails, wines, and food options that we asked about, had well-reasoned recommendations, and was friendly and professional.

With a glass of syrah in hand, I went for the four-course option. It's really more like a 7-course meal, as in between each of the courses they bring you a little side dish to nibble on. With so much food to try, I won't rehash it all here, but I will say that it was all delicious, perfectly cooked, and well-worth the price. My favorite highlights of the meal included a fried buratta appetizer, cabbage Pierre, wagyu New York strip steak, and an in-between-courses loaf of freshly baked saltwater sourdough bread.

As a nifty little going-away present, the valets already had my car idling and ready by the front door when we walked out. A great end to a great evening. Canlis has earned my trust and admiration, and I can't wait to come back here again!