Update after reply: Hello! Thank you for the response and explanation. My review wasn't based on what I feel, but based on the fact (key word) that the prices don't add up to $140. I understand it wasn't your intention to make Groupon users feel cheated, but Groupon users are looking for a deal, that's the whole purpose of Groupon. Then when you calculate the original value without using the logic that anyone looking for a deal would use, it doesn't make sense. No one would buy each item individually for the highest price possible if there's a tasting menu that is cheaper and even gives an extra desert. For things to look fair you could say the deal is the tasting menu for two people ($45 + $45) and then that means 2 desserts. Then a bottle of wine for $40 and you make sure the wines in the list are all worth $40, not like the one we got with undisclosed price and advertised as $7 a glass in the online menu. Btw, about the menu being outdated on the website, would be great to fix that, most people honor the lowest price when prices advertised diverge. Finally, I did try to contact Groupon about the deal but they said the sellers can advertise any price they want and they couldn't do anything about it. I also talked to the waitress about the wines not having prices and explained I wanted to make the deal worth it and she didn't help with that and reassured that was the Groupon Deal wine list I had to choose from.
I'll increase the review to 3 stars, but I still feel things could have been addressed in a better way.
==
The restaurant is good and the food portions are big so we were very full in the end. What I really hated was that we got a groupon "deal" where the original price was $140 and deal price was $89. The original price doesn't make any sense. Down to the math, I see in the Vin Santo Website the following item in the dinner menu: 3 COURSE TASTING MENU (CHOICE OF SALAD OR PIATTI PICCOLI, MAIN COURSE AND DESSERT) for $38. If we buy 2 of those it would cost $76 and we would get an extra dessert (the groupon only offers one dessert to share). The groupon included a bottle of wine of up to $40, but in the restaurant they give us a list of wines to choose than don't come with prices, so they could as well be $20. The one we got costs $7 a glass in the website menu, so I'm sure it wouldn't cost $40 if we ordered simply many glasses of that wine. So summing the food ($76, minus one dessert that I will disregard) with the mystery priced wine (let's say $40, I'll also disregard the lack of clarity with the price) we still have $116 and not $140. But we are charged 9% tax over $140 and are requested to tip over $140. I wish there was more clarity on this groupon deal, as the math just doesn't add up and we felt cheated.