This little restaurant is located in pioneer square and although they don't have personal parking. There is a paid parking lot just down the street. If that's a no go, there is also a parking garage not much further down. 

My friends and I went on a Friday afternoon and as expected there was a short line that had formed outside the door. We maybe waited 5-10 minutes outside in the chilly weather until we finally stepped inside the warm and wonderful aroma filled restaurant. Even though it was extremely packed the atmosphere felt content. Waiting in line and watching everyone eat made me so excited to order my own plate! Except my inner fat kid was telling me, one?! How can you choose just one?! Get all three Christina, do it!! So hell yeah I got three pasta dishes (usually only 3 on the menu that changes up daily). Don't worry I didn't intake all those delicious carbs myself, I had my boyfriend share with me. 

After my group and I ordered from the sweet lady at the counter we sat down and it only took a few minutes for all the plates to arrive. Quick! Everyone take your pics pronto and let's dig innn. Which we did, and okay this is where I try fresh "Al dente" pasta for the first time and make the mistake of thinking it was over cooked. Not gonna lie I always thought al dente just meant once it's soft it's cooked and ready! Yeah no, it actually means firm when bitten. Honest mistake really, so I was definitely confused until some of my friends informed me of this.

Once I got over that life altering moment I thoroughly enjoyed switching my plates around to the lasagna, pappardelle alla bolognese, and pesto cornetti. Taking in every bite I found the lasagna to be my absolute favorite and hello there wasn't even any meat in it. That bechamel sauce was everythaang. My boyfriend's favorite was the pappardelle cause he likes meat and he loves having some spice in his life. We both agreed though that the cornetti was our least favorite and even though it was cheesy it had quite an earthy taste to it. I'd say the whole grain and arugula had a lot to do with that distinct flavor that wasn't quite hitting the spot for us. 

After our friends cheered us on to finish the last bites of our carb overload we bounced so other pasta lovers could get a taste of the deliciousness. Thanks ll Corvo, keep doing you boo.